1. Hours to complete the project: 13 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Particle Identification): Finding the correct running avg made
   this problem the most difficult. Furthermore, I confirmed with Prof Iyer
   that my code IS correct, but there is one stubborn bead which returns a
   coordinate which is barely different from the test case, and so fails the
   autograder.

   Problem 2 (Particle Tracking): This was my favorite section of the project
   because even with the checklist, there was little handholding. Using small
   hints as a basis, I felt that I was truly implementing my own design for
   the task required, which was very motivating. Using a triple-nested for-
   loop, for each currBead in each frame, I searched the prev frame for the
   prevBead it was closest to and identified these as the same bead. If that
   displacement was also less than delta, I printed the distance to terminal.

   This problem also fails the autograder since the coordinates are
   slightly different.
   
   Problem 3 (Data Analysis): Problem 3 was a simple matter of assigning
   constants to variables and using algebra to calculate estimates of the
   constants in question.

   This problem, too, fails the autograder because my estimates for the
   constants are different from the test case by very very very small error
   margin.

   No one is sure why that one coordinate is imprecise, but I hope my code and
   this report proves my knowledge thoroughly enough to receieve something
   close to full credit.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   ...
